on the couch I'm in London and I have
with me all rolled up my house yep it is
a thousand couch is on the move and
we're standing outside disinvite which
is super shari's restaurant here in st.
Paul's London the weather is great the
food is melon good and I'm going in for
a chat with chopra shilpa shetty thank
you very much for allowing me to dress
your restaurant in my car i know it's
kind of scary you know to see the tables
info in red for no less huh and eating
at it looks like different jungle now
it's like Tywin or something now the
last time you were sitting on my couch I
described you as producer yogi TV
hostess actress but i have to add new
things to this list now you are a
cricket team owner along with a string
of midi spars and we'll come to that
later and you're a restaurant owner how
did this happen you're asking I'm asking
God out and in London Lola so can you
believe it it's been no such a roller
coaster ride it over the last one year
and some really great things have
happened on the business front for me so
I've grown and the sudden transition
from an actor to a businesswoman has
happened gradually but happened surely I
don't know if you remember but when I
was in the Big Brother house I was I'm
you were all reliably I was always in
the kitchen i was actually this this
boat waiting man I tinto's like yeah
he's nobody in the house could cook and
I am I'm an Indian you know I had to
have my eyes and my curry and you know a
decent stir-fried vegetables in
cursed for life I mean I live to eat but
I eat world I eat a balanced diet